INTRODUCTION
These terms and conditions represent an agreement (“Agreement”) between you, the User of https://www.nibirumw.com/ (“the Website”) and Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd (“the Owner”), the Owner and Operator of this Website about your use of the information, software, products and services contained in or available through the Website.

Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using the Website because they affect your legal rights. Your first use of the Website signifies your agreement to accept the validity of and comply with this Agreement. If you are using the Website as an agent or employee of an organisation, you agree to these terms and conditions on behalf of your organisation. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms and conditions, please stop using this website immediately.

“User” or “Users” is defined as a third party accessing the Website that is neither employed by the Owner nor engaged as a consultant or otherwise accessing the Website in connection with providing services to the Owner.

You must be above 18 years of age to use this Website. By using this Website, you agree and warrant that you are at least 18 years of age and/or you are legally able to enter into a contract.

WEBSITE OWNER DETAILS
Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd is a company incorporated in Singapore and registered address at 33 Ubi Ave 3 #08-71 Singapore 408868. Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd operates the Website nibirumw.com. You can contact Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd at info@nibirumw.com.

CORPORATE INDENTIFICATION AND TRADEMARKS
“Botak Sign”, and any and all other marks appearing on this Site are trademarks of Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd in the Singapore and other jurisdictions (“Trademarks”). You may not use, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit distribute or modify the Trademarks in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on this Site, without Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd’s prior written consent. The use of Trademarks on any other Web site or network computer environment is prohibited. Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd prohibits the use of Trademarks as a “hot” link on, or to, any other Web site unless establishment of such a link is pre-approved by Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd in writing.

YOUR ACCOUNT
Certain services made available via www.nibirumw.com are delivered by third-party sites and organizations. By using any product, service or functionality originating from the www.nibirumw.com domain, you hereby acknowledge and consent that Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd may share such information and data with any third-party with whom Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd has a contractual relationship to provide the requested product, service or functionality on behalf of www.nibirumw.com users and customers.

PAYMENT
All prices and amounts shown on this Site are in Singapore Dollars (SGD), unless otherwise noted. If a User submits a request on the Site to purchase printing products, display products, design services or other services, the User agrees that all charges, taxes and shipping/handling fees will automatically be charged to the credit card or paid by User with an approved payment method. We require each order to be fully paid, including shipping and handling fees, if applicable, before we complete an order. We will not start working on a print job until we receive the full payment.

Once a print job has been approved by customer and “sent to press” on the Site, no changes are allowed to the artwork files, job characteristics, or printing turnaround time. After a print job has been sent to Botak Sign’s prepress department, the customer is responsible for paying the entire amount of that print job along with applicable taxes and shipping/handling fees, unless otherwise noted.

In the unfortunate event that our backend system does not register your payment, the User is advised to provide a proof of payment to either our live chat or email to us at info@nibirumw.com to avoid delays to the print job. The printing turnaround time of the print job will only begin once payment is recognized or verified with the accounts department on nibirumw.com and when the necessary materials (i.e., digital files) are received and are in order.

REFUND POLICY
All sales are final. Since we customize each order according to your file and exact specifications, no refunds are given once Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd starts working on your order, which means Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd has received your necessary materials (i.e., digital files and payment) and has begun work on your job (i.e., your job is in production).

In some cases, a partial or full refund may be extended to the customer if no work has been completed by Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd due to artwork errors or other errors with the order. Under those circumstances, cancellation of the entire order would be recommended to reduce additional charges incurred by both parties, subsequently, you may place a new order after. If a partial refund is insisted, such refunds would be adjusted to cover any fees charged for proofs or other services associated with that order as well as merchant bank fees on credit card transactions. Refunds resulting from but not limited to, quantity, paper stock and shipping downgrades or cancellations prior to being in production shall be subject to a minimum fee of $15.00, up to 3.5% of the total amount. (add in the why refund)

Any refunds that are made will be credited to the respective bank account that is tied to the debit or credit card used for the transaction that the User has made. It will be credited back within 5-7 working days (based on the bank’s timing).

Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd constantly maintains materials inventory and staff and schedules time on all equipment for orders that have been placed to ensure our ability to produce them at any certain time. Orders that are not yet in production within 5 days of order already incur additional equipment, labour and inventory costs for Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd. Orders not approved for print by customer within 30 days of the order being placed will be non-refundable and will incur a fee of 20% of the original invoice total for each 30 day period thereafter until 100% of the original invoice total has been accrued in fees.

Each order made from Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd is a contract between you, as the customer making the order and Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd. The fact that you have made an order on behalf of a third party does not absolve you of liability to Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd. As such, any decision by the third party not to accept the particular items printed or to cancel the order with you does not affect your liability to Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd.

NO LIABILITY FOR ERRORS
Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd is not liable for errors in a final product caused by any of the following reasons:
Hidden layers, Misspelling, Graphics, Bleeds, Grammar, Damaged Fonts, Punctuation, Wrong cuts, Incorrect or Missing Folds, Die Lines, Crop Marks, Transparency, Overprint, Cracks on Folds, Finished Product Size. Botak Sign does not make any changes to customer files.

All non-laminated print media are not suitable for use with transfer tapes, as the ink on the surface will peel off when the transfer tape is peeled off, resulting in an effect similar to uv bending lines.

If we verify that we have made an error, we will re-run the order. We must be notified within 24 hours from delivery of any defects. In order to receive the replacement, customers must return 100% of the defective order at their expense within 5 days of their receipt. We will re-run the order with the original turnaround and send them out via the same paid shipping method. Shipping is non-refundable.

PROOFS
Botak Sign offers hard copy proofs that show reasonable likeness to the final printed pieces. Such proofs are recommended for color-critical art and must be requested by the customer when the print order is made. Hard copy proofs are printed on a substrate different from the actual paper stock and while its main purpose is to show color, variations may occur depending on the finish selected (AQ, matte, UV) for the final print job. We do not offer hard copy proofs for art that would be printed on uncoated paper.

The request for a hard copy proof may involve an additional fee and would extend the amount of time needed to complete the job. For orders where a hard copy proof has been requested, the approval must be received by Botak Sign on or before our published cut-off times. We will make every effort to match colors in production when a hard copy proof is requested. However, it is the customer’s responsibility to determine if they need a hard copy proof with their print order.

The proof must be treated as independent from the original submitted file and thoroughly reviewed prior to approval. It should be checked against the original file for possible errors in layout, copy, spacing, punctuation, or image placement. The customer is fully responsible for all that is contained in the final approved proof.

COLOR ACCURACY
Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd will reproduce color from submitted print-ready files as closely as possible, but cannot exactly match color and density. Because of inherent limitations with the printing process, as well as neighboring image ink requirements, the accuracy of color reproduction is not guaranteed. By placing an order with Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd you agree to this limitation. We will try our best to match the gradient density of each color, but we accept no responsibility for color variations between submitted files and the final printed piece. Under no circumstances will a reprint be honored for color variations that have occurred during the printing process. We are not liable for color matching or ink density on screen proofs that you approve. Screen proofs will predict design layout, text accuracy, image proportion, and placement, but not color or density. Application of UV coating may affect or change the appearance of the printed colors. We are not liable for the final color appearance of a UV-coated product.

PRINTING TURNAROUND TIME
Printing turnaround time begins once your order has been placed, verified for payment and your print-ready files have been uploaded to your account, attached to your printing job, and approved for printing. Printing turnaround time begins when we receive approval for your proof and full payment has been made. For printing jobs that do not have complete digital source files provided or have submitted files that are not print-ready, printing turnaround begins when we have your print-ready file(s), not from when the order was first submitted.

For our Next Day Turnaround option, orders and files must be submitted by 5:00 PM and proofs must be approved by 6:00 PM for the item to be shipped out of our facility on the next business day. If the approved proof is completed by 12 noon on Tuesday, your order will be shipped by the end of business Wednesday. Orders placed after 6:00 PM will only be proceeded on the next working day.

Please be aware that Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd is closed on weekends and holidays, which means these days are not included when calculating printing turnaround time. The estimated production turnaround time advertised on our site is based on the normal completion time of a print job, excluding weekends and holidays. The Production Turnaround only includes printing, cutting, and binding, and not design, mailing, or shipping transit times. Please allow additional business days for delivery depending on the shipping method you selected.

Once a print job has an approved proof and payment, the printing turnaround time is guaranteed. If we fail to meet the deadline, we will refund any rush charges pro-rated or provide a courtesy rush on your next order. Only orders with written notice indicating time-sensitivity during placement can be cancelled based on printing turnaround time. Please note that Botak Sign will not be responsible for any shipping-related costs on orders that do not ship by the due date.

Take note that the timeline provided for your order is an estimate and may vary slightly due to production timelines, order quantity, and any artwork errors or delays. Once you receive our email notification, you may come down to collect your order or contact our customer service for updates on your order status before coming down. To ensure a smooth collection process, please provide us with at least a one-hour buffer time for our products to be sent to the collection point before you arrive to collect your order.

Please note that the printing turnaround time stated on our website is only applicable to orders that are placed and paid for through the website. If you place an order through email with a different payment method that is not via our website, the production timing will vary.

DELIVERY
Unless you have chosen Self Collection for digital orders, you need to select one of the delivery options presented to you on the Site. When choosing a delivery option, please remember that the estimated delivery transit time is based on the number of business days in transit and does not include weekends, holidays, or the day the package is picked up.

Delivery transit times vary, and Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd assumes no responsibility for delays caused by delivering carriers, weather, or any damages resulting from the failure to receive a job on time. Your order may arrive late due to unforeseen delays in delivery service, the breakdown of equipment, illness, etc. Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd’s responsibility is limited to preparing your printing order and delivering it to Lalamove for delivery. Botak Sign is not liable for damages that occur during delivery.

Pick-up orders will be kept for 30 days from the delivery of the pick-up notification email. If the order has not been picked up from Botak Sign’s facility within 30 days, it will be delivered directly to the customer and the customer will be billed for the applicable ground delivery rates. We cannot deliver to P.O. Boxes and our deliveryman will not conduct any demonstration or installation upon delivery of products. (Please contact our Customer Service for instruction or demonstration)

Our delivery hours are between 10am to 12pm and 3pm to 6pm (Mondays to Fridays) excluding weekends and public holidays.
We let our valued customer choose their preferred delivery schedules. In cases when nobody is present to receive on the set schedule, the customer may choose to reschedule the delivery at an additional cost. This also applies to failure of delivery due to the wrong address.
 In the event that unforeseen circumstances arise (e.g. acts of god, traffic/parking restrictions, or government interventions), we are entitled to reschedule the delivery. We shall inform our valued customers without delay in case this happens.
Surcharge may apply for parking fees, delivery clearances, waiting time of over one (1) hour, and/or delivery to upper floors via a stairway.
OUR SALES TAX POLICY
Botak Sign charges sales tax to orders received from within the state of Singapore unless you are tax exempt. If you are tax-exempt, you must submit your reseller’s certificate prior to placing an order.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All content on the Website, including but not limited to any graphics, text, audio, images, video, data compilations, software, page layout, underlying code, user-generated content and any information capable of being stored in a computer (“Content”), is the property of the Owner. Such Content is protected by copyright and all other applicable intellectual property rights. By continuing to use this Website, the User agrees that nothing in this Website shall be construed as granting any license or right to use any trademark or logo displayed on this Website without the owner’s prior written permission.

NO UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED USE OF THE WEBSITE
You may only use this Website if it does not conflict with or violate the laws of your jurisdiction. You warrant to the Owner that you will not use the Website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms and conditions. You must not use the Website in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Website or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Website. You must not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Website. You agree that you may not use the Website in any way that is harmful, illegal, unlawful, harassing, abusive, threatening, or otherwise objectionable or in breach of any applicable law, regulation or governmental order.

You are solely responsible for your use of Content in combination with any other images, graphics, text or other materials you incorporate into your Products. You agree that you will not include any text, image, design, trademark, service mark, or any copyrighted work of any third party in your Products unless you have obtained the appropriate authorizations from the owners. You warrant that your Products do not infringe upon any rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark, right of publicity or privacy, and will not libel or defame any third party and that you have all required rights or permissions necessary to incorporate third party material into your Products. By placing an order on this Site, you warrant that you have all necessary permission, right and authority to place the order and you authorize Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd to produce the Products on your behalf. You grant Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd the right to copy, modify, distribute, use, create derivative works of and vectorize any content you have uploaded for the purpose of fulfilling your order and/or marketing products or services to you. You will warrant that you have sufficient rights to permit Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd to copy, distribute, use, modify, create derivative works of and vectorize any uploaded content for the purpose of fulfilling your order and/or marketing products or services to you.

You agree that you are responsible for protecting your password and controlling access to your registered account. You agree that you will be responsible for all orders placed or other actions that are taken through your registered account.

INTERNATIONAL USERS
This Site is controlled, operated and administered by Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd from our offices in Singapore. If you access the Site from a location outside Singapore, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws. You agree that you will not use any Site content accessed through www.printbyphone.com in any country or in any manner prohibited by any applicable laws, restrictions or regulations.

LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Website and some of the articles on the Website may contain links to other resources and businesses on the Internet (“Third Party Websites”). The Owner provides these citations and aids to help you identify and locate other Internet resources that may be of interest. The citations do not mean that the Owner sponsors are affiliated to, associated with, or legally authorised to use, any trade name, registered trademark, logo, legal or official seal, or copyrighted symbol in the links. The Owner is not responsible for the contents of any Third Party Website including, without limitation, any link contained in a Third Party Website, or any changes or updates to a Third Party Website.

The Owner is not responsible for any loss, injury, claim, liability or damage (“Loss”) related to your use of any website linked to the Third Party Websites including if this Loss (i) arises from errors or omissions in the content of any Third Party Website, or (ii) is as a result of any Third Party Website being down or (iii) arises from any other use of any Third Party Website. Your use of any Third Party Website is at your own risk. You should contact the site administrator for the applicable Third Party Website if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content on any of these Third-Party Websites.

PRIVACY POLICY
Your use of this Website is also governed by our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into the terms and conditions of this provision. In order to access the privacy policy, please click here nibirumw.com/privacy-policy.

USE OF COMMUNICATION SERVICES
This website contains a live chat function, file upload functions, and comment sections (“Communication Services”). You agree to use the Communication Services in a responsible manner and only to post, send or receive messages or materials proper to and related to the Communication Services. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not:

defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise breach the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others;
publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information;
upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control these rights or have received all necessary consents;
upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another’s computer;
advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages;
falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded;
restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services;
breach any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service; or
breach any applicable laws or regulations.
By visiting www.nibirumw.com or sending emails to Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd, constitutes as electronic communications. You consent to receive electronic communications and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically, via email, and on the Site, satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.

The Owner has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, the Owner reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials at the Owner’s sole discretion. The Owner reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice if he/it reasonably believes that you have breached these terms for use of the Communication Services or are misusing the Communication Services in any way.

The Owner further reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in his/its discretion.

You agree that you are responsible for any Content that you submit via the Website including the legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality and copyright of any such Content. You warrant that you control all rights to the Content that you post on the Website and that the Content does not violate any provision in these terms and conditions. You further warrant that the information you post does not injure any person and you will indemnify the Owner for any claims for damage resulting from the Content you have supplied.

ORDERING ON THE WEBSITE
1. Botak Sign reserves the right on the final decision to carry on or reject any orders on the website within reasonable actions. Botak Sign reserves the right to reject customers who wish to change or make amendments to their artwork after half an hour of their submission of their orders.

3. Should customers wish to appoint their own courier service or representative to collect orders on their behalf, please screenshot the email received or proof of purchase when collecting the items.

4. Combination of orders is not allowed as ‘Delivery’ is based on an individual order. Customers who placed an earlier order “without delivery” and later with new additional order “with delivery” requesting us to combine them together. We are unable to accede to customers’ requests as delivery items are being handled by our Logistics Department.

5. Botak Sign will not be responsible for any delay of orders due to customers’ submission of artwork which has discrepancies, poor images or requesting us to hold on until they submit new artwork. This will cause a delay in the printing and affect us being unable to fulfil the completion time and date as stipulated in the orders.

6. For all orders, the collection should be done within 1 week. Subsequently, an email will be sent to remind you to pick up your order. However, if there is no response to our emails, your orders will be assumed to be disposed of 30 days after the order is ready for collection. Collection of items can only be made during our operating hours of Monday to Friday (9am to 6pm), Saturday (9am to 1pm).

ARTWORK FILES
Our prepress department checks all submitted artwork files before printing, but you are still 100% responsible for the accuracy of your print-ready artwork files, and we encourage you to proofread all files carefully before submitting them to Botak Sign. You will be responsible for any issues as to the orientation or alignment of the pages of your submitted documents. By submitting the artwork to Botak Sign, you certify that you have the right to use the image(s) in your artwork files. DO NOT send any “one-of-kind” transparencies, prints or artwork. Although we take every precaution to safeguard your materials, we are NOT responsible for the loss or damage of images or artwork.

In these Terms and Conditions, you agree that you will NOT upload any artwork files consisting of the following material: offensive, indecent, improper or pornographic related material, any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable law; and any material that could infringe rights of privacy, publicity, copyrights or other intellectual property rights without the permission of the owner of these rights and the persons who are shown in the material if applicable. We will refuse an order, which in our opinion may be illegal in nature or an infringement on the rights of any third party. You accept full legal liability for the content of material processed and printed on your behalf and under your instructions. We reserve the right to refuse an order without disclosing a reason.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT
These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and the Owner with respect to the subject matter of these Terms and supersede and replace any other prior or contemporaneous arrangements of terms and conditions applicable to the subject matter of these Terms.

The Owner’s performance of this Agreement is subject to existing laws and legal processes. Nothing contained in this Agreement is in derogation of the Owner’s right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Website or information provided to or gathered by us with respect to such use.

Any rights not expressly granted in this Agreement are reserved. The Owner may provide you with notices, including those regarding changes to the terms and conditions, by email, regular mail, postings on the Website, or other reasonable means now known or developed in the future.

A printed version of the Agreement, and of any notice given in the electronic form, will be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this Agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish of the parties that this Agreement and all related documents have been drawn up in English.

WAIVER, SEVERABILITY, AND ASSIGNMENT
If any part of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable under any applicable law, including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set out above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the Agreement will continue in effect.

You must not assign or otherwise transfer the General Terms and Conditions, or any right granted under them, without the Owner’s written consent.

Any failure by the Owner to enforce or exercise any provision of this Agreement, or any related right, will not be a waiver of that provision or right.

DISPUTE RESOLUTION
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Singapore and both parties irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Singapore.

CHANGING THE AGREEMENT
The Owner reserves the right to change these terms and conditions at any time with no notice given to you. You understand and agree that your use of the Website after the date on which the Agreement has changed will be treated as acceptance of the updated Agreement.

CONTACT US
Nibiru Media Workshop Pte Ltd welcomes your questions or comments regarding the Terms. Use the Contact Us link in the navigation menu at the top of this page to contact us.

This version of the Terms is effective as of June 20th, 2022
